README.md, before:

# Overview [![Docker Image Status][docker-image]][docker] [![License][license-image]][license]

Cognitive Assistance for making a sandwich. Click below for the demo video. This cognitive assistance is designed for this [Sandwich kit](https://www.amazon.com/Small-World-Toys-Living-Sandwich/dp/B00004W156).

[![Demo Video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/USakPP45WvM/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USakPP45WvM)

[docker-image]: https://img.shields.io/docker/build/cmusatyalab/gabriel-sandwich.svg
[docker]: https://hub.docker.com/r/cmusatyalab/gabriel-sandwich

[license-image]: http://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache--2-blue.svg?style=flat
[license]: LICENSE

# Installation
Running the application using Docker is advised. If you want to install from source, please see [Dockerfile](Dockerfile) for details.

# How to Run
## Client
Run Gabriel's [legacy Android Client](https://github.com/cmusatyalab/gabriel/tree/master/client/legacy-android-client). You'll need Android Studio to compile and install the apk.
Make sure to change IP address of GABRIEL_IP variable at src/edu/cmu/cs/gabriel/Const.java to point to your server.

## Server
### Container
```bash
nvidia-docker run --rm -it --name sandwich \
-p 0.0.0.0:9098:9098 -p 0.0.0.0:9111:9111 -p 0.0.0.0:22222:22222 \
-p 0.0.0.0:8080:8080 \
cmusatyalab/gabriel-sandwich:latest
```

# Test the trained DNN Object Detector Only
Please see [img.py](img.py). The model can be downloaded from [here](https://owncloud.cmusatyalab.org/owncloud/index.php/s/hC6Azp6hEw1e2u1/download).

Commit message:

Updating README now that Gabriel Client is available on the PlayStore

README.md, after:

# Overview [![Docker Image Status][docker-image]][docker] [![License][license-image]][license]

Cognitive Assistance for making a sandwich. Click below for the demo video. This cognitive assistance is designed for this [Sandwich kit](https://www.amazon.com/Small-World-Toys-Living-Sandwich/dp/B00004W156).

[![Demo Video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/USakPP45WvM/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USakPP45WvM)

[docker-image]: https://img.shields.io/docker/build/cmusatyalab/gabriel-sandwich.svg
[docker]: https://hub.docker.com/r/cmusatyalab/gabriel-sandwich

[license-image]: http://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache--2-blue.svg?style=flat
[license]: LICENSE

# Installation
## Client
An Android client is available on the Google PlayStore 

<a href='https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=edu.cmu.cs.gabrielclient'><img height='125px' width='323px' alt='Get it on Google Play' src='https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en_badge_web_generic.png'/></a>

Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC.

##Server
Running the server application using Docker is advised. If you want to install from source, please see [Dockerfile](Dockerfile) for details.


# How to Run
## Client
From the main activity one can add servers by name and IP/domain. Subtitles for audio feedback can also been toggled. This option is useful for devices that may not have integrated speakers(like ODG R-7).
Pressing the 'Play' button next to a server will initiate a connection to the Gabriel server at that address.

## Server
### Container
```bash
nvidia-docker run --rm -it --name sandwich \
-p 0.0.0.0:9098:9098 -p 0.0.0.0:9111:9111 -p 0.0.0.0:22222:22222 \
-p 0.0.0.0:8080:8080 \
cmusatyalab/gabriel-sandwich:latest
```

# Test the trained DNN Object Detector Only
Please see [img.py](img.py). The model can be downloaded from [here](https://owncloud.cmusatyalab.org/owncloud/index.php/s/hC6Azp6hEw1e2u1/download).
